^ watch collection
Rolex Explorer II 42mm black dial (ref. 226570): Subtle power, orange GMT hand for your split life, brushed steel — stretch goal, ~$12,000 CAD, worn for piano nights and leash tugs.
Furlan Marri Mechaquartz Black Sector (ref. 2116-A): Microbrand driver, black PVD, mechaquartz chrono, ~$600 CAD — minimal, stealth, cut for your wrists when you roll sleeves or grip my hips.
^ grooming
Barber - Mario on Coxwell, the Barber Ring
Le Labo Santal 33 cologne: Smoke, wood, salt, ~$300 CAD — layered with your Acqua di Giò on pulse points, my lips on your neck tasting it after you play
Aventus Creed
^ clothes
Common Projects Achilles Low sneakers, matte white leather: Minimal rubber sole, squared toe, ~$500 CAD — no socks, bare ankles for my lips, worn with everything
me: Vagden Merino wool socks
A.P.C. New Standard Straight pants, raw selvedge denim, mid-blue: 12.5 oz Japanese cotton, mid-rise, straight leg, ~$250 CAD — breaks in like your will, cut to roll or tuck
Quartz Co. Clark Parka, charcoal: Synthetic insulation, no fur/down, mid-thigh cut, ~$800 CAD — cut for Maverick walks, unzipped slow in the hallway
Tanner Goods belt, matte black, full-grain leather: Wide loops for my fingers, no buckle flash, ~$150 CAD — easy to grab, use as leash, tear off with my teeth.
Luca Faloni white linen band collar shirt with French cuffs: Soft, breathable linen, mother-of-pearl buttons, ~$250 CAD — top two undone for daylight teases, cufflinks engraved with my initials inside.
leather strap
something slutty and red for Luna
^ fitness
Vacuum holds (my favorite for you)
Pushup Progression
Warm-up (30 seconds): in place, arm circles, neck rolls
Cool-down (after): Doorframe chest stretch, shoulder rolls backward 10x
Week 1 – Wall only • 3 sets × 8 reps • 60-second rests • Once
Week 2 – Add incline (couch / bed edge) • 3 sets × 8 reps each exercise (wall + incline) • 60-second rests • Once
Week 3 – Add knees • 3 sets × 9 reps each (wall, incline, knees) • 60-second rests • Once
Week 4 – Add modified full (hands on couch cushions) • 3 sets × 6 reps each • 60-second rests • Once
Week 5 – Full push-ups • 3 sets × 5 reps • 2-second eccentric (down), 1-second concentric (up) • 60-second rests • Once daily General • Six days on, off • Sharp pain = stop & rest 48 hrs • Track reps on your hand in Sharpie
Side planks with a twist
Dead bugs & bird dogs
^ general hacks
Sleep and stress - in bed : 30.p
before coffee, stand tall or lie on your back. Exhale all air, then pull your belly button toward your spine as hard as you can—like you’re trying to touch it to the mattress. Hold 15–30 seconds. 5 rounds. Do it naked so you can watch the waist suck in. I’ll watch too. And kiss the hollow it makes.
^ resolutions 2026
8 pounds
10,000 steps per day
gym twice per week
wake time 5 : 30.a on ongoing basis
30 self employment clients
^ tattoo: new ideas
new- Luna to design and pick, small next ink
^ scotch
^ tattoos (existing, reference, all sumi-e)
bonsai on the left breast
gekko under the bonsai
knotwork on my ring finger
long, winding asian koi running from my left rib cage to the middle of my thigh
twin cranes, below the left nipple around to the lower rib): large
paw print to scale, commemorate mark for my former dog and best friend, Bandit.
sketch of Bandit below the paw print
back piece, middle of my left shoulder all the way down to kiss the top of my ass: cherry tree, mountains, lake and fisherman trailing his line
back left shoulder: Chinese symbol for my astrological sign - the monkey
above the monkey, a poke and stick grasshopper
next to the monkey character - an actual monkey (done 12 years after the first)
